This is Captain Hoffman.
Reporting for duty. Commander.
May I introduce Inspector Forster
from the Gestapo?
Your log book...
where your heroic
story will be recorded.
- Pleased to meet you.
- Likewise.
- You’re French?
- No. German.
They say you’re sailing
tomorrow.
I have to go.
If not. I’ll be court-martialled.
Towards 10 p.m.
a woman will come.
Give her this.
I’m supposed to
give you something.
From Frank. I’m his sister.
You have something for me?
You should have
something for me.
Police!
Out there we’re on our own.
There’s only one
way we will prevail.
Together.
Take her out.
First Watch Officer.
Harbour stations!
Would you come with me. please?
The woman was caught
with this on her last night.
Black market morphine.
First question...
Is she buying or selling?
Please translate that.
The morphine...
Are you buying or selling it?
Second question...
Small bottle. small offence.
Why shoot a police officer
over such a trifling matter?
And where did she get
the firearm?
Why did you shoot a policeman
and where did you
get the firearm?
Duval’s sure someone
else was present.
A woman.
Ask her who else was there.
You were seen
with another person.
Who was it?
Ask her again.
You're put me in the shit.
You've screwed everything up.
What did she say?
They'll be coming.
Until they get what they want.
Bitch.
Excuse me.
Are you all right.
Miss Strasser?
What did she say?
Viendront...
That’s a form of
the verb “to come”.
“They’ll be coming.
Until they get what they want.”
Really?
Did she have the morphine
on her when she was arrested?
Because I’d like to understand.
She bought it from somebody
or she was trying to sell it.
At least that’s what
Duval thinks.
We’ll find out.
There’s always a trail.
And she’ll talk.
- You think so?
- No. I know so.
Subtitles:
Fred Cipriano
sU-Boots
- war films -
Sir.
Any radio messages?
Not yet. sir.
I hope you had enough time
to farewell your sister.
Good.
Gentlemen.
Strelitz. our position?
210 miles north-east
of La Coruña.
Course two-eight-zero.
Nothing from Lorient?
Time for another drill.
Corvette. zero-three-five.
Angle-on-the-bow. port two-zero.
Sir. with all due respect.
the men have...
Speed 18 knots.
Target course?
One-five-five. sir.
Recommended counter-attack course.
two-five-three.
Prepare tubes 1 and 2.
- Prepare tubes 1 and 2.
- Not again.
Come on. arseholes. get up!
Put the bunks away!
Hurry up. you lazy bastards.
Prepare to dive.
Chief Engineer.
Prepare to dive!
Flood tubes 1 and 2. Go!
Matthias. let’s go.
Coming down.
Hatch closed.
- Aft buoyancy vent rigged.
- Central vents.
- Buoyancy vents rigged.
- Dive.
No. 1 tube flooded.
No. 2 flooded.
Open outer doors.
The ninth drill in ten hours!
You can’t do in war what you
haven’t learnt in peacetime.
What the hell are
You talking about?
Forget it.
Then keep your trap shut.
Outer door no. 2 tube is open.
No. 1 is open.
Tubes 1 and 2 ready.
Prepare one torpedo
for reloading.
- Best time so far?
- 4 minutes 20. sir.
We can do better. right?
To periscope depth.
15 degrees down on bow planes.
Stern. zero.
Prepare one torpedo
for reloading.
Shit! For the third time!
Let’s show the slave-driver.
Let’s go!
Let’s do something different.
Maintain 15 degrees down
on the bow planes.
Müller. keep bow planes
15 degrees down.
Chief. hold periscope depth.
Bow planes at 15 degrees down.
Electric motors half speed.
blow cell 5!
All hands astern!
Faster!
Go. go. go!
Come on. you slowcoaches!
What the hell are they doing now?
- How long has it been?
- I don’t know.
I bet we make it in under 4.
We’ll show that slave-driver.
Under 4’20” is good.
Under 4 for a crate of beer!
You’re on.
Pull it back!
Back down. front up!
We’re too deep.
- One metre up.
- Stern. 20 degrees up.
Keep calm. Müller.
Keep calm.
We’re oscillating.
She’s dancing on tiptoes
like a ballerina.
Come on. Matthias. let’s go.
Secure it!
Secured!
The torpedo is safe
but the captain isn’t!
Torpedo ready to reload. sir.
3’ 58”. gentlemen.
Well done. Müller.
- You all did well.
- God damn. that was hard work.
Don’t take the
Lord’s name in vain.
you arsehole!
You owe me a crate of beer.
Take it down again.
Rig for surfacing.
Sir. radio message from Lorient.
Proceed to sector
Bruno Fritz 71.
Report our position
to Submarine Command.
Bruno Fritz 58.
Yes. sir.
How long till we reach
the operational area?
12 hours at full speed. sir.
Enough time for some more
drills.
The purpose of a drill is to test
the men under pressure.
Without pressure.
there’s no test.
But I think you know this.
First Watch Officer. right?
Gentlemen.
this is the captain speaking.
We are on course to
intercept an Allied convoy
heading south-west.
Full speed ahead...
You’ll take over.
First Watch Officer.
Well. maybe he is like
his father after all.
His father was a captain.
not a slave-driver.
We’ll find out soon enough
how he is under pressure.
What are you doing here. Emile?
Wrong question.
What is she doing in prision?
Who?
Who? Jacqueline.
Somebody tipped off the police.
The church...
Only we knew about it...
the U-boat man... and you.
Nobody else.
He must have talked.
Frank Strasser?
They will have found
the morphine on her.
How long will it take the Krauts
to find out about you?
She stole it.
I don’t know how.
As simple as that.
I need more.
All you’ve got.
No.
Tell Miss Monroe it’s over.
No more morphine.
Now get out of my office.
the patient in room 17 needs...
Hello.
Who are you?
My name is Simone.
I'm his sister.
- What’s your name?
- Nathalie.
Are you two together?
- He never said anything.
- Where's. Frank?
He’s gone to sea.
He had no choice. Orders.
Listen...
Last night he sent me to meet
a woman to make an exchange.
I don’t understand why.
Please leave.
I think it’s about morphine.
Is Frank an addict?
Please leave.
You have to help me.
Help me understand.
- Are You new here?
- Frank is in danger.
What can I get you. sir?
You have to help me...
Darling. what’s going on here?
You’ve got great lips.
- Leave me alone!
- What’s wrong with you?
She’s mine!
French slut!
Mr Duval...
That’s all I could get.
What if she talks?
Even she will talk
at some point.
You can leave. but Luc. Marc.
Claude and I have
our families here.
Still not opening your mouth.
Tell us about the morphine
and it all stops.
You're not a drug addict either.
No needle marks...
International Brigades?
Scream and you’re dead.
Keep your trap shut.
Sit down.
Commander. sorry to interrupt
your morning walk
but you’re needed
at headquarters.
Top secret orders from Berlin.
Good morning. Miss Strasser.
Good morning.
That was a rather
unfortunate situation.
The prisioner was more
forthright than I had expected.
She's a communist.
A communist?
It's unlikely that
she acted alone.
but whoever helped her.
I’ll hunt them down!
It's my jog to protect
La Rochelle form these elements.
These are the people
we’re at war with.
enemies of the Reich.
But they’ll pay with their lives.
rest assured.
Is something else bothering you?
Is it because
of your brother Frank?
You had just arrived
when he was ordered to sail.
That can’t be easy for you.
My brother...
My brother means a lot to me.
Inspector Forster.
Commander Gluck will see you now.
I’m coming.
You’ll excuse me?
A secret mission?
Yes. a secret non-combat
mission.
This comes directly
from Goebbels’ office.
They only need me to assign
a submarine to this mission.
- Propaganda?
- That’s why You’re here.
A political decision requires
a political mind.
Don’t misunderstand me.
but our duty should be
to sink Allied ships.
Starving out a nation
of 60 million
requires every single vessel.
Bt’s the list of operational
U-boats we could send.
What about U-612?
Hoffmann?
Hoffmann has little
combat experience
so you could spare
him more than others.
And think of his prestige.
If Goebbels wants something.
it has to be big.
And what better propaganda
than he son of a hero
becoming a hero himself?
If he succeeds.
you’ll be in the spotlight.
If he fails. he'll be the one
to blame. not you.
That’s what I call
a political mind.
She’s a big one.
Do you see any escorts?
Destroyers?
No.
No escorts at the flanks.
Nothing.
Strange.
- How big is our pack?
- Apart from us. another five.
It’s damned bright.
Prepare tubes 1 to 4
for surface firing.
Finally. Let’s go. boys.
Flood tubes 1 to 4.
- Tubes 1 and 3 flooded.
- Good.
- Tubes 2 and 4 flooded.
- Open outer doors.
Tubes 1 to 4 ready
for surface firing.
Come to port to three-five-zero.
Full speed ahead.
Initiate attack.
Come to port to
three-five-zero.
Full speed ahead.
Radio message
from Submarine Command
Watch closely.
You’re up next.
Torpedo speed 30.
Enemy speed 16.
Angle-on-the-bow.
Starboard 90.
Distance 1200 metres.
Fire tubes 1 and 2.
Pretty simple. right?
Simple?
It isn’t simple.
It’s the reward for all
the bloody hard work.
A salute to our enemies from our
comrades on the bottom of the sea.
Corvette at 260 degrees!
Alarm!
Dive. dive. dive!
Faster!
Watch where you’re going.
arsehole!
Hatch closed.
Dive to 50 metres.
And the torpedoes?
Wait.
Torpedo 1...
36.37.38. 39. 40.
Missed.
Torpedo 2... 53.54.
A dud.
Shit!
A dud!
Reload!
Let’s go!
Aren’t you waiting
for further orders?
Shut up!
We’ll show them!
Pull it over here.
Close outer doors.
Sir. radio message from
Submarine Command.
It came before the alarm.
We’ve got new orders.
New coordinates and a narrow
time frame to get there.
And an additional
order saying...
Avoid combat situations.
Abort attack.
What?
Stand down from battle stations.
We’re attacking as a pack.
Five of our subs
are counting on us.
Tell the men to stand down.
Yes. sir.
Dive to 80 metres.
- Release safety.
- Tube 1 closed.
- Tube 2 closed.
- Closed!
Safety released.
Stand down from battle stations.
- Are they nuts?
- Coitus interruptus.
Do you think that’s funny?
Arsehole.
Heap of shit.
You have no choice anyway.
Are you homesick?
Who is that?
My husband.
Raymond.
Dunkirk.
I'm sorry.
Let’s hope it won’t happen
to your brother.
What about you?
Are you married?
Divorced.
The new laws in Germany
made it easier.
It's tou feel so German.
why did you come here?
Why not Berlin or Frankfurt?
Because there
I’m just a French woman.
And here you're just a
German woman.
Maybe not even that.
Aborting an attack with the
target under our noses...
Like sitting on the toilet
and not shitting.
New orders.
What can you do?
Know what we are now?
A boatload of cowardly faggots.
Where are we heading now?
Tails. we head
straight into a convoy
like a wolf into
a flock of sheep.
Heads. we win the war.
Tempting fate is bad luck.
you arsehole!
What’s up. snitch?
I’m no snitch.
I don’t believe you.
Frenchman.
Everything all right. boys?
Yes. sir.
Captain.
Hey. I need to take a dump.
- You too?
- Yes.
I had a friend.
navigator on U-75.
who told me what a total bastard
they had for a captain.
Once he made them do
30 drills in one day
Nobody dared go to the toilet.
A shitty situation. literally!
What’s that?
Dried meat.
A specialty from home.
Can I try a bit?
No bad. right?
But don’t tell anyone.
Do you know the difference
between a pantry and a pussy?
No.
The pantry doesn’t
smack its lips
when you take out the sausage.
Fear Not the Deep
by Wilhelm Hoffmann
Who told you that?
The flotilla commander’s driver.
Hoffmann shot him himself?
He didn’t wait for
the firing squad?
Just a rumour.
Don’t believe all you hear.
I’d believe it.
That’s how the world is.
Them in front. and us.
Supposedly it was for cowardice
in the face of the enemy.
Then Hoffmann should have
shot himself long ago.
They can’t just
pull us out of a battle.
The other U-boats...
It’s not right.
It’s our duty
to support our comrades.
My duty is to obey orders.
With respect.
one can pretend not to hear
then listen to what Lorient
has to say later.
- Sorry.
- Damn it. Müller!
Remember Kretschmer.
Schepke and Prien?
Prien...
the bull of Scapa Flow.
He was a hero.
The three bet on
who could sink
the most tonnage
on their next tour.
A bit of healthy competition
between the Grey Wolves.
That’s what people love
to read about back home. right?
But where were they
six weeks later?
Kretschmer captured.
Prien and Schepke both dead.
I don’t see what you’re
getting at. sir.
If they hadn’t played
at being heroes.
they’d still be alive today.
Gentlemen... Cheers!
Thank you.
If everyone just does
what he feels like.
we’ll lose the war.
We’ll get our chance.
Just not right now.
So. gentlemen...
To what is to come.
Chief on the bridge!
How are the engines running?
Faultless so far.
I should give daily
lectures to these men
about what a technical marvel
a VIIC U-boat is.
The second watch officer
tells me you helped design it.
From 1935 to 1938.
I designed parts of the
diving plane.
Then you know every nut
and bolt.
We’re sure to need your
knowledge at some point.
Do you have any children?
A son.
He'd be nine years old now.
He and my wife died in an
air raid on Kiel last year.
Burnt alive.
I'm sorry.
Things will sort themselves
out with the crew.
they just need a bit of time.
Christ!
They always choose their moment.
the bloody Brits.
Hurry.
Let’s get out of here.
Come to my shelter room.
Maybe we can find a
dark corner there.
Jacqueline...
Carla sent me.
Carla...
Here.
That's for you. from Carla.
For you.
You’ve got to do it.
Come on.
Jacqueline...
I can’t.
What?
Yes. you can.
Take it!
You have to...
- You do it.
- What?
You do it.
Go on. take it!
- You do it.
- No. you do it!
I can’t do it.
I don’t know how.
I don’t know what to do.
What?
Look. here.
- There?
- There.
Jacqueline...
Theodor...
Anton...
Wotan.
That’s our contact.
We’ve been running
the engines hard.
More diesel wouldn’t hurt.
All right.
Gigl. you take over from Müller.
Müller. get a jacket.
You do the refuelling.
A bit of fresh
air does you good.
Yes. sir.
Coming up!
Ready!
You’re in command.
First Watch Officer.
Your mission is top secret.
You are to be at these
coordinates within five days.
You will liaise with a vessel
and effect an exchange.
Details must be kept
secret from the crew
except where
operationally necessary.
It won't be mentioned in your
loggbook or reports.
You will not engage
with the enemy
unless your mission is a
t risk. understood?
I’d like to know
what I am exchanging.
It’s about this man.
Mr Samuel Greenwood.
Take him aboard.
Follow me.
Two U-boats are missing.
The contact boat and another
from the wolf pack Ozelot.
You're off the book.
Nothing but a passenger ship
for one guest.
Probably best for everyone.
Take him below.
Plane at 2 o'clock!
Plane!
Cease refuelling.
Cut hose pipes.
Alarm!
Shit. Hurry!
Shit!
Helmsmen to the control room!
Take him to the officers’
mess and watch him.
- Faster!
- Hurry. Willi!
Man overboard!
Take the rope!
Got him!
I need help!
Be careful!
I’ve got him.
Careful!
Hatch closed.
Flood the tanks!
Whoever you are.
you’d better be worth it.
Subtitles:
Fred Cipriano
sU-Boots
- war films -